Times Prime Membership Offers: Food, Travel, Entertainment, News, Healthcare, Fashion & Lifestyle.  LoginTheMightyMembershipThe only Membership with 20+ Subscriptions & Benefits from 40+ Brands. Access to Exclusive Events and Movie Premieres.Limited Period OfferStarting ₹1199 @ ₹959Already a member ? Login20+ Subscriptions | Benefits on 40+ Brands | Access to Exclusive Events |20+ Subscriptions | Benefits on 40+ Brands | Access to Exclusive Events |20+ Subscriptions | Benefits on 40+ Brands | Access to Exclusive Events |20+ Subscriptions | Benefits on 40+ Brands | Access to Exclusive Events |20+ Subscriptions | Benefits on 40+ Brands | Access to Exclusive Events |The only Membership with 20+ Subscription40+ BrandsExclusive EventsMovie Screening All Travel Entertainment Food & Dining Fashion & Lifestyle Essentials News & Learning TPXclusives TP Junior Members' FestFree Baklava Sampler Box Cadbury 20% Off On Valentine's HamperIgp Free Valentine's HamperFlat 50% Off On Lifetime Membership Cleartrip Flat 20% Off On Hotel BookingsNoise Flat ₹500 Off On Noise Colorfit Pro 510% Off On HUFT Branded Products Flat ₹3000 Off On International Flights Free 1 Month ET Genius Subscription Paytm Flat ₹1000 Off On Domestic FlightsNetmeds Free 12 Months First MembershipGet Flat ₹15000 Off Show MoreWe are proud of what our members have to say 🥁  ;Do membershipsbetterwith the Times Prime App4.5out of 5Download4.3out of 5DownloadFAQs;What is Times Prime?+Times Prime is an exclusive membership program that touches and elevates every aspect of your life.As a member of Times Prime you gain access to a wide range of exclusive content with great benefits from the brands you love. It's a one stop shop for all your entertainment and lifestyle needs. How can I become a member?+To become a Times Prime member1. Visit www.timesprime.com2. Click on 'Join Times Prime' or if you have an exisiting account, click on Login3. Enter your mobile number or email ID or register using Facebook/Google4. Enter the OTP received on the entered mobile number/email ID5. View our payment offers or apply a coupon code6. Enter your card details or link your Paytm account. You can also choose to pay for your Times Prime Membership with your UPI ID or our netbanking options.7. Complete your transactions and enjoy your Times Prime Membership!How to use Times Prime?+To use Times Prime1. Download the app from Google Play Store or Apple App Store 2. Login with your registered mobile number or email ID3. Swipe through the multiple benefits and offers visible4. Click on any offer5. Read the given Activation Process6. Click on Activate. A promo code will appear.7. Follow the steps as explained under Activation Process8. Enjoy the offer on your Times Prime membership!What are the benefits of Times Prime?+With your Times Prime membership, you gain access to 20+ premium subscriptions such as Disney+ Hotstar, Sony LIV, Discovery+, Youtube Premium, Google One Cricbuzz Plus, Gaana Plus, EazyDiner, ET Prime, TOI+ and many more. Along with these absolutely free subscriptions, Times Prime members get to enjoy exclusive offers & discounts on 40+ amazing brands such as Myntra, Uber, Swiggy, Chaayos, Pizza Hut, Starbucks and many others. With so many brands and unlimited benefits, Times Prime will be The Only Membership You’ll Ever Need.How much does the membership cost?+This is an annual membership and there are 2 plans available starting from ₹1199.Enjoy Free Subscriptions & Offers on Top Brands with a Times Prime Membership
Times Prime membership is an exclusive membership program that gives you access to 20+ premium subscriptions such as Disney+ Hotstar, SonyLiv, Youtube, Discovery Plus, Healthkart etc and benefits from brands you love- Myntra, Uber, Swiggy, Urban company, Cultfit, Lenskart & more across various categories. It is an all-in-one subscription that takes care of all your entertainment & lifestyle needs.
Discover benefits in various categories, be it entertainment, food, healthcare, travel, fashion & lifestyle, news & learning and more. There is something for everyone and every need. It elevates your experience while you avail services from these brands.
Times Prime members get exclusive voucher codes on brands like Starbucks, MC Donald’s and Eazydiner, exclusive discounts and offers on apps like Myntra, and Uber, top OTT subscription offers on Disney+ Hotstar, Sony Liv, Discovery Plus, Eros, and Youtube etc.
Times Prime subscription worth Rs. 1,199 can help you save thousands of money in various aspects of your life while you enjoy premium benefits. You can avail many benefits and offers online here.
Entertainment and OTT: Enjoy unlimited movies, Web series, Music and more with Times Prime
Now you can enjoy a whole new world of entertainment.

Watch your favourite movies, and TV shows, with offers on OTT platforms like Hotstar Subscription, SonyLiv Subscription, Discovery Plus Subscription, etc.
Listen to your favourite music without ad interruptions with Gaana plus subscription.
Read e-books or listen to audiobooks on apps like Storytel and Amazon Audible.
Enjoy the latest updates in cricket with Cricbuzz plus subscription & more for FREE.
Get a National Geographic magazine subscription free for 6 months.

Stream exclusive content like Criminal Justice, Games of Thrones, Special Ops, Hostages, etc. Feel nostalgic watching Disney shows like ‘Chernobyl', and ‘Prison Break’. Enjoy Marvel movies, Star Wars and more, all on Disney+ Hotstar. Stream Cricket World Cup 2023 Live for Free on Disney+ Hotstar with Times Prime Membership.
With Sony Liv, catch the latest and exclusive footage of TV shows like ‘Crime Petrol, ‘SCAM 2003, ‘Gullak’, etc. 
Avail the best offers to stream unlimited entertainment on the best OTT platforms in India.
Unlock Exclusive Food Offers: Dine-in & FREE Delivery with Times Prime
If you are a foodie, you are constantly ordering food or dining out at the best restaurants in town, you wouldn’t want to miss out on all the crazy online deals we bring to you.

You get an EazyDiner Prime membership free which allows you to avail up to 25-50% off and other benefits on premium restaurants near you.
Avail Times Prime couple codes for restaurants like Swiggy, Starbucks, and Pizza Hut. The internet might be divided into chai lovers and coffee lovers but we treat all of you the same when it comes to exciting offers. You can avail exclusive deals on your favourite cup of coffee at Chaayos and get Times Prime coupon for your Starbucks order.
Unlock FREE deliveries with Top food brands like Swiggy, Lunchbox & EatClub.

Fashion & Lifestyle: Upgrade your lifestyle with Times Prime Subscription
Online shopping just got more rewarding. Enjoy amazing discounts on India’s largest online shopping platforms like Myntra, Lenskart, Lifestyle, Tinder and others. Avail up to 15-20% off on your favourite brands.
Times Prime offers also benefits you when you shop for family and friends. If you are looking to send chocolates, flowers, e-gifts, and customised gifts to your loved ones, send them via Ferns & petals & get discounts on your orders.

Get exclusive Myntra coupons and upgrade your wardrobe on a budget.
Avail 1 month of Tinder Gold Membership FREE.
Get 20% off on your gifts at Ferns N Petals once every month.
Get six months of a complimentary Google one 100GB plan to help you better manage your Google Cloud storage.
Enjoy fitness, dance, meditation, health video content & podcasts with Cultfit membership.

Beauty & Wellness: Pamper yourself with the Ultimate Offers
Skincare, health, hair care, routine grooming sessions or party makeovers, get all of it at a discounted price with free online discount coupons on brands like Geetanjali salons, Toni & Guy and HealthifyMe.

With a premium subscription to Urban Company, you get access to top-rated professional and skilled service providers. Avail discounts on every order that you place with the UC Plus membership.
Get Flat ₹1000 OFF on any service at any of the 120+ outlets of Geetanjali Salon. The minimum service invoice value should be ₹2000.
Get Flat ₹1000 off on TONI & GUY.

Travel: Plan a Holiday & Book Your Cabs with Times Prime
Planning a vacation on a budget can be tricky. It requires planning, researching and finding the best deals online that fit your budget. With Times Prime, you don’t need to worry about your travel expenses getting out of budget. Local travel or intercity travel via cabs can be cheaper too.

Get premium offers on your domestic as well as international flight tickets via Flipkart Travel. Apply the coupon code and get 10% off on all flight bookings.
Get a discount on hotel bookings on Cleartrip. Get 18% off up to ₹10,000 on a minimum order value of ₹5,000.


With Uber premium offers, avail benefits on your cab ride every time you book a ride. Get 15% off on Uber Intercity. Members also enjoy other exclusive benefits like - shorter pick-up time, shorter ETAs and luxury cars with comfortable seating.


Get Flat 15% off up to Rs. 10,000 on Domestic Hotel bookings on Yatra.
Get a Free FASTag on the Park+ App worth ₹399.

Healthcare & Wellness: Stay healthy & Fit with Times Prime
Keeping up with a healthy routine can be more challenging than we think. Times Prime membership coupon codes give you access to premium subscription offers from apps like HealthifyMe and cult.fit.

HealthifyMe free subscription provides you with a diet plan and keeps your nutritional intake in check while recommending healthy changes to your diet.


Cult.fit membership simultaneously provides you with fitness routines and the best fitness trainers.


And when you require medicines, you can get them delivered to your doorstep with Pharmeasy. Pharmeasy plus membership provides you with the best offers and exclusive deals on medicine orders and delivers them to your doorstep.


We know that it is not just about physical health but also mental health. For a healthy and sane mind, Times Prime also brings you a free Headspace subscription. Find meditation exercises, activities to be more mindful, sleep exercises and more on the Headspace app.

News & Learning: What’s Happening Around the World
Stay up to date with the latest happenings around the world with premium memberships of digital platforms like TOI Plus, ET prime, and Harvard Business Review.

Enjoy ad-free, insightful content in the digital form of the world’s largest circulated newspaper - TOI+.
Get an in-depth analysis of world affairs across 20+ sectors on ET Prime.
Get Limitless Digital Content: Articles, Big Ideas, Data, Visuals, Reading Lists, Insider Newsletters, and Exclusive Videos on Harvard Business Review.

Relive the Good Old Days with Times Prime Junior
Times Prime Junior is a category specially curated for kids and adults who share a love for comics, cartoons, and all things fun that bring out the kids within them. This category is for all members who love to entertain their younger selves with toys and comics from their childhood.
Times Prime brings to you offers on brands like Myntra Kids and subscriptions to comic apps like Tinkle and Amar Chitra Katha.

Get FLAT ₹500 off on Myntra Kids on a minimum order value of ₹1499/-.
Get a complimentary Amar Chitra Katha app subscription for 6 months.
Rediscover your love for toon adventures with a Tinkle Magazine subscription at ₹2.

Now you know how Times Prime is an all-in-one subscription for all the premium subscriptions that you need. Redeem the Times Prime coupon codes on these websites and brands to enjoy the benefits and offers.tap for more  The Only Membership You'll Ever Need Join NowSupportAboutContact UsFAQsBlogCategoriesMembers' FestEntertainmentFood & DiningEssentialsTravelFashion & LifestyleNews & LearningTP JuniorTPXclusivesLegalTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyDownload the appTop BenefitsHotstar Subscription|SonyLIV Subscription|TOI Plus Subscription|Cult Fit Membership|Google One Offer|Tinder Gold Subscription|Discovery Plus Subscription|Youtube Membership|Gaana Plus Membership|Lenskart Gold Membership|FirstCry Membership|Economic Times Subscription|Amazon Firestick Offer|Toni & Guy Offers|Nat Geo Traveller Magazine Subscription|EazyDiner Membership|Cricbuzz Plus Subscription|Audible Membership|Geetanjali Membership|Jiosaavn Subscription2024 TIMESPRIME 


 


